---
title: "The Swamp Adventures"
image: "images/Minecraft/21240.png"
description: "Minecraft The Swamp Adventures"
categories: ["Minecraft"]
date: 2024-03-30
tags: ["Minecraft"]
featured: true

---
## Introduction

Treat Minecraft® players aged 7 and up to a swamp full of hands-on, action-packed, creative play with LEGO® Minecraft The Swamp Adventure (21240).

Fun-filled Minecraft toy to build and explore
Put the creative thrills of Minecraft into kids’ hands with this physical version of the perilous swamp biome. This versatile toy features familiar Minecraft favorite Alex as she journeys through mud and mangroves on a Minecraft adventure. As well as opportunities for creative construction, there are 2 hostile mobs to battle – a zombie and a slime – and a friendly frog who observes the action from a lily pad. Kids help Alex use her axe and operate a lever to detonate a TNT explosion to fend off any attack. For added digital fun, the LEGO Builder app features intuitive zoom and rotate tools that let kids visualize their model as they build.

Hands-on Minecraft® playset – LEGO® Minecraft The Swamp Adventure (21240) recreates the game’s mangrove swamp, packed with opportunities for creative construction and thrilling battles
Iconic characters – Includes familiar Minecraft® favorites Alex, a zombie, a slime block and a frog in a swamp biome complete with a mangrove tree, crafting table, axe and exploding TNT function
Lots of play possibilities – Kids can build, explore, battle and detonate TNT as they fend off hostile mobs in the perilous mangrove swamp
Gift for kids – Give a Minecraft® player aged 7 and up a birthday, holiday or any-day treat with this real-world recreation of the video game’s action-packed mangrove swamp
Portable fun – Measuring over 3 in. (8 cm) high, 3.5 in. (9 cm) wide and 3 in. (8 cm) deep, there’s a lot of play potential packed into this compact playset
Interactive digital building – The LEGO® Builder app features intuitive zoom and rotate tools that let kids visualize their model as they build
Minecraft® made real – LEGO® Minecraft sets give kids a different way to enjoy the popular game, with mobs, scenes and features brought to life with the hands-on creativity of LEGO bricks
Quality guaranteed – LEGO® components fulfill stringent industry quality standards to ensure they are consistent, compatible and connect smoothly every time
Safety assured – LEGO® components are dropped, heated, crushed, twisted and analyzed to make sure they satisfy rigorous global safety standards

## Part List


https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yhNg27ENoL4ZtkTPsBzuxsh96Lc8AL9_/view?usp=sharing

## Building instructions for 40622

| Book Number | Instrustions Link |
|-------------|-------------------|
| 1           | https://www.lego.com/cdn/product-assets/product.bi.core.pdf/6491743.pdf |
