---
title: "Star Wars - 501st Clone Troopers Battle Pack"
image: "images/StarWars/75345.png"
description: "501st Clone Troopers Battle Pack"
categories: ["StarWars"]
date: 2024-03-31
tags: ["StarWars"]
featured: true

---
## Introduction

Youngsters can lead their own 501st Clone Troopers unit with this LEGO® Star Wars™ Battle Pack (75345) for ages 6 and up. It features 4 new-for-January-2023 LEGO minifigures – a 501st Officer, 501st Clone Specialist and 2 501st Heavy Troopers – each with a weapon for action play. The set also includes a buildable AV-7 anti-vehicle cannon with a spring-loaded shooter and a seat for a LEGO minifigure. This popular building toy makes a cool gift for kids, letting them recreate Star Wars: The Clone Wars action and adding extra fun play possibilities to their other LEGO Star Wars sets.

Step into a new way of building
Check out the LEGO Builder app for digital instructions and zoom and rotate viewing tools to enhance children’s creative experience and their sense of achievement.

Galaxy of fun
The LEGO Group has been creating brick-built versions of Star Wars starships, vehicles, locations and characters since 1999. There is a huge variety of buildable models to inspire fans of all ages.

- Building set for battle play – With this LEGO® Star Wars™ 501st Clone Troopers Battle Pack (75345), kids can build their own Clone squadron and recreate action-packed Star Wars: The Clone Wars scenes
- 4 LEGO® Star Wars™ minifigures – A 501st Officer with a blaster pistol, a 501st Clone Specialist with a blaster rifle and 2 501st Heavy Troopers, each with a blaster
- Brick-built AV-7 anti-vehicle cannon – The AV-7 has adjustable legs, an elevating cannon, a spring-loaded shooter and a seat for a LEGO® minifigure
- Gift idea for Star Wars™ fans aged 6+ – Give this 119-piece building toy as a birthday or holiday gift or anytime treat to kids who are into Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars: The Bad Batch
- Portable play – The cannon turret measures over 2.5 in. (7 cm) high, 2.5 in. (6 cm) wide and 5 in. (13 cm) deep. This compact set will fit in a kid’s backpack ready for play on the go
- Interactive digital building – Using the LEGO® Builder app, kids can zoom, rotate and visualize a digital version of this construction model as they build
- LEGO® Star Wars™ building toys for all ages – LEGO Star Wars sets let kids (and adult fans) recreate iconic scenes, make up their own action-adventures or simply display the buildable models
- Premium quality – LEGO® components satisfy demanding industry standards, ensuring that they connect simply and strongly for robust builds
- Safety assurance – LEGO® building bricks are tested in almost every way imaginable to make sure they comply with strict global safety standards


## Part List

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1I70YyFny8NVuXmbWHTyO-uonZmRIbLCb/view?usp=sharing


## Building instructions for 75345

| Book Number | Instrustions Link |
|-------------|-------------------|
| 1           | https://lego.com/cdn/product-assets/product.bi.core.pdf/6493750.pdf |